AWS-SOLUTION ARCHITECT: 

From Surya Dai:
	aws>awsguides>orionpapaer_aws_csa
	
Account & Services Layer-------------------------------------------------
	The account and Services Layer represents how you create, access and
	manage an AWS account and its services. From how you interact with 
	an AWS account and managing user rights, to how you access and use
	various AWS services and features.
	This layer is all about account management and managing services. 
	
	There are basically three type of users:
	1. AWS Users(prod. account)
	2. AWS Root Account Holder
	3. AWS Users (dev. account)
	
	These users connects to AWS INFRASTRUCTURE "CONTAINER" using ACCOUNT
	CONNECTION TOOLS like AWS Console, ASW CLI AND AWS SDK. The connection
	is of coarse via open internet. 
	
	The uses have to go through IAM. There could be production account 
	and development account and cross account access between them. 
	On premises data centers can be connected to AWS INFRASTRUCTURE using
	hybrid connection. 
	
	Root User:
	The user created when you first create your AWS account is called root
	user. It's credentials are the email and password used when signing up
	your AWS account. The root user has FULL administractive rights and 
	access to every part of the account. Privileges can not be revoked from
	the root user. 
	
	Best practices for Root User:
	You should not use the root user for daily work and AWS admininstration. 
	You should create a second user that has admin rights and sign in as 
	that user for daily work. You should always protect yoru root account 
	via MFA.
	
	Customers uses web browser [front end/public access] to connect to 
	AWS. AWS users uses Terminal (SSH, RDP) to connect (back end/private 
	access) to connect to AWS services. ASW services is in various regions
	like us-east-1, us-west-1, ap-northeast-1, eu-central-1 and some other
	Edge Location and Edge Cache. 
	
	AWS Users(prod. account):
	This represents an AWS users that you may create (in IAM), who will 
	have varying degree of access to the "production" AWS account. 
	Permissions are controlled in IAM policies. 
	
	ACCOUNT CONNECTION TOOLS:-----------------------------------------
	Console:
	AWS Management Console generally referred as the console is the 
	browser interface (url) used to interact with AWS. All the actions 
	done in the console are API calls. 
	
	CLI:
	AWS CLI is text based interface for accessing and adminstering AWS
	resources. All commands executed using the CLI are API calls- and 
	require API Key Configuration. 
	
	SDK:
	AWS Software Development Kits integrate AWS Services with your Custom 
	applications. All commands are API calls and require API Key 
	configuration. SKD automatically perform request signing. Some examples
	of SDK are: 
		Xamrin, JavaScript, Java, iOS, Python(boto), .NET and many more. 
		
	
	
	
	
	